feat: [Logs user_events exporter] default event_name to log, and flatten ext_dt, ext_cloud (#253)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-rust-contrib: opentelemetry-user-events-logs/CHANGELOG.md

- Enhanced validation for the provider name in `with_user_event_exporter(provider_name)`:
  - Empty provider names are now disallowed.

> - Event header name is changed to "provider_name:Log". `ext_dt` and `ext_cloud` structs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Event header name is changed to use "Log" instead of "LogRecord.EventName". 
- `ext_dt` and `ext_cloud` structs are flattened.
```
